Tinkering in parallel universes
How your location in the multiverse affects your tinkering endeavours
by XXXXXXXX


I'm you from a parallel universe! come with me! there's no time to explain!

Just kidding, I'm not you. We also have all the time in the world, which is why I wrote this in a book instead of coming to visit you. I am from a parallel universe though, allow me to explain.






These parallel universes, also known as "packs", can be freely traveled between by you and me. However, taking things with you to other universes is difficult and not recommended unless they are extremely similar, which may be the case if a new version of a pack is created. Every one of these versions no matter how similar is its own parallel universe. Currently the only known way to transfer things between universes is to move the entire world from one to another. Moving a world to a universe that isn't suited for it can have disastrous effects, often causing parts of the world to evaporate into thin air and sometimes even corrupting it.

Parallel universes usually differ in the things that exist in them and sometimes even by how those things work, this book focuses on the former. In one universe something may exist and in another it may not. In some universes this book doesn't exist, and in some universes, the master tinkers don't even exist (but don't tell them about that). The contents of this book depend on the universe you're currently in to make sure that you'll only find relevant information in it. Unfortunately the information in this book may not be accurate in every universe since I can't account for every minor difference each one may have. That being said, most of the time everything should be accurate.

These universes can be compared to tools in that you can apply modifiers (or mods, if you will) to them to change their behaviour, some mods change very little, some change a lot. Just like with tools I'd recommend you tinker with them to see what mods you like, though I'd advise you to avoid unstable mods, some people might say it's "fine" but you could irreparably damage your world.

Now that you understand parallel universes, let's get into the things you can tinker with in your current pack!














